The following appeared as a letter to the editor from a Central Plaza store owner.

"Over the past two years, the number of shoppers in Central Plaza has been steadily decreasing while the popularity of skateboarding has increased dramatically. Many Central Plaza store owners believe that the decrease in their business is due to the number of skateboard users in the plaza. There has also been a dramatic increase in the amount of litter and vandalism throughout the plaza. Thus, we recommend that the city prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza. If skateboarding is prohibited here, we predict that business in Central Plaza will return to its previously high levels."

Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have the predicted result. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.

Number of shoppers in central plaza comparable to skateboard users in the plaza.

   A letter to the editor from a central plaza store owner, it is stated that the use of skateboards need to banned in the Central plaza for the increase in the shoppers in central plaza. The owners comes to a conculsion based on the from past two years the popularity and usage of skateboards has increased dramatically because of this the number of shoppers in central plaza are reduced. However, before the recomedation can be properly evaluated, two questions must be answered.

   First of all, Are number of shoopers in central plaza decreased due to ussage skateboards in the plaza? There may be a college near by central plaza where the students started using skateboard as a transport to their college where shoppers in central plaza has no effect with it. Further, there might be outdated products in the central plaza where people has lost interest in buying the products. If either of these scenarios has merits then the conclusion drawn in the original argument is significantly weekend.

Secondly, Is there any new mall constructed near by central plaza? There might be big mall contructed near by the central plaza where all the people are interest for buying the products due to avalibility of new brands and having trendy products. Further, newly constructed mall might be selling products to much lower rate then the Central plaza. If the above is true, then the argument doesnot hold water. 

In conclusion, the argument, as it stands now, is considerably flawed due to its reliance an serveral unstated assumptions if the author is able to answer the two questions aboce and offer evidence, then it will be possible to fullly evaluate the viability of proposed recomendation to prohibit the skateboards in the central Plaza. 
