Q. Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.

mostly disagree

In some cases,educational institutions have a responsiilty to discourage students from pursing fields  of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.
Take a student,who is studying in the same institute from his childhood where the institutions knows the interests of the student and strength of student.If a student picked a wrong field,
in this case the educational institute can guide the student in which field really suits them and will be sucessful.
As,educational institute have more knowledge on the fields then the student but the student real instrest need to be consisdered.


however,in most cases,educational institutes need not interfear in which field the student start pursing.
This is primarily because student is having interest in pursing one feild in which he is really willing to do.
Take an example if the student is good at one stream and not pastionate about it then career might not be successful.
Definitly in this kind of situtaions the student will not be happy in his career.Suppose take an example if a student of one year old in educational institute.
Because the institution really can't jurdge the student interest and strong areas.In this case the insitute can't discourage student in picking the fields of study.


Moreover,numerous examples illustrate that student should be given a freedom of choosing the field of study.
Suppose if the student picks a stream which he is pastionate about and average basic knowledge in the stream , then the student will definitly be successful if he pursue field of study.
Because with the pastionate he has towards the field will definilty help him to grow in his career.For example a student who is pastionate in computer science, if he picks a medical field.
Then the student can't study pastionatly as he studies computer science.


Therefore,student should consider his interest on the fields as priority and also take suggestions from the educational institutes as well. 
